So now that we are dispatching a few actions here,
we need to actually set up our reducers to be able to
modify the state based on those actions.
So what we will do is let's create a new folder here and we will call
it reducers and inside of here we are going to have a few different files.
We will have users.js which will be our users reducer,
tweets.js which will be our tweets reducer,
and then we also need a reducer to handle
our authedUser so we will have an authedUser.js then lastly,
what we want to have is an index.js file inside of
here which will exports our invocation to combine reducers.
So first let's do our users.js file.
We want to import the receive users constant which is going
to come from action/users and now as
the default export what we want to do is export this user's
reducer which will set
the default state to an empty object and then it will take in an action.
So we want to say switch on action.type as we've done before,
when the case is receive user,
this is going to receive users with an
S. So when the case is receive users thn what we want to do is
the new state of our users slice of
our state is going to have everything
that was on that which will really just be an empty object,
as well as all of the users which we are grabbing from the action,
and then the default state is just going to return the state.
So that looks good for
our users reducer and I'm going
to copy this because our tweets reducer is going to be similar.
Instead of receive users what we're going to have is received tweets as
the action type which is going to come from action/tweets,
so now we have our tweets reducer here.
When we receive tweets,
we want to merge all of those tweets onto
this object and then as always we return
the state that was passed in when none of these cases match.
Now inside of our authedUser reducer,
we're going to do something similar,
where you want to import the set authedUser action type,
coming from action/authedUser and then as default export,
we want to export authedUser.
State will initially be null so we will use default parameters here to set it
equal to null when this function is invoked with the state of undefined,
which it will be the first time that it's invoked,
and then we want to switch on action.type when the case is set authedUser,
what we want to do is return
action.id and the default case as always again we just return the state.
So now what we have is our three different reducers which are handling all of
the action types that we saw being dispatched inside of our handle initial data function.
So what we want to do inside of our index.js
file is we want to import combined producers,
as well as all of
the different reducers that we've just barely made so we will grab authedUser,
as well as users, and finally tweets.
And now what we want to do as the default export is export
an invocation to combine reducers passing it all of
our different reducers which are authedUsers,
users, as well as tweets-